Add links and text to the template and tutorial (#161)
mongodb-university/realm-template-apps: sync-todo/v2/client/react-native/README.md

- **appId:** your Atlas App Services App ID.
- **baseUrl:** the App Services backend URL. This should be https://realm.mongodb.com in most cases.

### Using the Atlas App Services UI

The easiest way to use this template app is to log on to [Atlas App Services](https://realm.mongodb.com/) and click the **Create App From Template** button. Choose 
**Real Time Sync**, and then follow the prompts. While the backend app is being 

> created, you can download this Flutter template app pre-configured for your new 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created, you can download this React Native template app pre-configured for your new 
```
